ENH: scipy.stats: add negative hypergeometric distribution (#12170)
scipy/scipy: doc/source/tutorial/stats/discrete_nhypergeom.rst

> .. _discrete-nhypergeom:

Reviewer: Need to add to https://github.com/scipy/scipy/blob/master/doc/source/tutorial/stats/discrete.rst

Author: Did it! Thanks!

Negative Hypergeometric Distribution
====================================

> We choose one element from the box without replacement until we end up with r elements which we consider failures (like getting r blue balls while targeting for red balls) and then we count how many successes k we encountered (like getting k red balls (successes) in a sample with r blue balls (failures)). In the end, there are k+r samples collected without replacement and nhypergeom is the distribution over this k.

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
Consider a box containing :math:`N` balls: :math:`K` red and :math:`N-K` blue. We randomly sample balls from the box, one at a time and *without* replacement, until we have picked :math:`r` blue balls. `nhypergeom` is the distribution of the number of red balls :math:`k` we have picked.
```

.. math::
   :nowrap:

>     \begin{eqnarray*} p\left(k;N,K,r\right) & = & \frac{\left(\begin{array}{c} k+r-1\\ k\end{array}\right)\left(\begin{array}{c} N-r-k\\ K-k\end{array}\right)}{\left(\begin{array}{c} N\\ K\end{array}\right)}\quad 0 \leq k \leq N-K\\ F\left(x;N,K,r\right) & = & \sum_{k=0}^{\left\lfloor x\right\rfloor }\frac{\left(\begin{array}{c} k+r-1\\ k\end{array}\right)\left(\begin{array}{c} N-r-k\\ K-k\end{array}\right)}{\left(\begin{array}{c} N\\ K\end{array}\right)},\\ \mu & = & \frac{rK}{N-K+1}\\ \mu_{2} & = & \frac{rK\left(N+1\right)}{\left(N-K+1\right)\left(N-K+2\right)}\left(1-\frac{r}{N-K+1}\right)\end{eqnarray*}

Reviewer: Renders well, but could you show line breaks here? I might suggest that you use `p\left(k;N,K,r\right)` in the definition of `F` instead of repeating the definition. And I know that the other tutorials don't include commas anywhere, but maybe we should change that?

Author: done!

for :math:`k \in 0, 1, 2, ..., K`, where the binomial coefficients are defined as,

.. math::
   :nowrap:

    \begin{eqnarray*} \binom{n}{k} \equiv \frac{n!}{k! (n - k)!} \end{eqnarray*}

> The cumulative distribution, survivor function, hazard function, cumulative hazard function, and inverse distribution function, moment generating function, and characteristic function on the support of :math:`k` are mathematically intractable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cumulative distribution, survivor function, hazard function, cumulative hazard function, inverse distribution function, moment generating function, and characteristic function on the support of :math:`k` are mathematically intractable.
```

.. _discrete-nhypergeom:

Negative Hypergeometric Distribution
====================================

Consider a box containing :math:`N` balls: :math:`K` red and :math:`N-K` blue. We randomly sample balls from the box, one at a time and *without* replacement, until we have picked :math:`r` blue balls. `nhypergeom` is the distribution of the number of red balls :math:`k` we have picked.

.. math::
   :nowrap:

    \begin{eqnarray*}

>     p\left(k;N,K,r\right) & = & \frac{\left(\begin{array}{c} k+r-1\\ k\end{array}\right)\left(\begin{array}{c} N-r-k\\ K-k\end{array}\right)}{\left(\begin{array}{c} N\\ K\end{array}\right)}\quad 0 \leq k \leq N-K,\\

Author: done!
